DOC-2671-cofigs added in header.json file (#810)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/API/pages/gsql-endpoints.adoc

--
====

> In the header.json file, 
> 
> * The `"name": "load_job"` represents the loading job name, while `"name": "file"` refers to the data source name, which is the file used for loading data.
> * The three keys inside the `configs` object are case-insensitive. However, other keys in the JSON payload are case-sensitive.
> 
> We have details of the xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc#_options[options] and xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc#_parameters[parameters] available for running a loading job in GSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
For the parameters:

* The top level `name` field is for the loading job name, while the `name` field in the `dataSources` array is for the data source file name.
* The three keys inside the `configs` object are case-insensitive. However, other keys in the JSON payload are case-sensitive.
====

We have details of the xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc#_options[options] and xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc#_parameters[parameters] available for running a loading job in GSQL.
```
